Update interfaces for Ubuntu Core OS (#24)
canonical/openthread-border-router-snap: README.md

### Grant access to resources

> **Note**  

> > On **Ubuntu Core**, the `avahi-control` and `bluez` interfaces are not provided by the system. Instead, this functionality depends on the Avahi snap and Bluez snap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> On **Ubuntu Core**, the `avahi-control` and `bluez` interfaces are not provided by the system. These interfaces should be consumed from other snaps, such as the [Avahi](https://snapcraft.io/avahi) and [BlueZ](https://snapcraft.io/bluez) snaps.
```

> 

> > To use the `avahi-control` interface from the `avahi` snap, run:

Reviewer: The given command is beyond just using the interface.

I suggest moving the installation command to the top and keeping connection commands in a single code block. This makes it easy to copy-paste the instructions.

Install the snaps and connect the corresponding interfaces:
```bash
sudo snap install avahi bluez
sudo snap connect openthread-border-router:avahi-control avahi:avahi-control
sudo snap connect openthread-border-router:bluez bluez:service
```

> ```bash
> sudo snap install avahi
> sudo snap connect openthread-border-router:avahi-control avahi:avahi-control
> ```

> > To use the `bluez` interface from the `bluez` snap, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To use the `service` interface from the `bluez` snap, run:
```

> ```bash
> sudo snap install bluez

> > sudo snap connect openthread-border-router:bluez bluez

Reviewer: For clarity:
```suggestion
> sudo snap connect openthread-border-router:bluez bluez:service
```
